It was supposed to be a dominant victory for LSU over Southeastern on Saturday in the two teams' first matchup since 1949.

Instead, it was a sluggish performance that LSU won 31-0 ? far from what was expected.

Game Ball: Breiden Fehoko, junior, nose tackle

Breiden Fehoko was all over the place in the first half, starting with the Lions' first drive of the game. On second-and-16, Fehoko busted through the line and recorded the first of LSU's five sacks on the night.

Then on the next drive Fehoko tackled Southeastern running back Devonte Williams for a 5-yard loss.

The Texas Tech transfer had 6 total tackles, 2.5 tackles for a loss, a sack, and combined with junior defensive end Rashard Lawrence for a big fourth-down stop in the third quarter.

He was a big reason for LSU holding Southeastern to 65 yards rushing in the game.

Honorable mention: RB Nick Brossette, LB Devin White, DE Neil Farrell Jr.

Biggest Play: Hail Mary to Stephen Sullivan before the half

LSU coach Ed Orgeron said he wanted the team to work on its two-minute offense against Southeastern, and they had the perfect opportunity to do so right before half time.

Junior quarterback Joe Burrow completed a pass to senior tight end Foster Moreau for a gain of 24 to Southeastern's 40. Two plays later, Burrow chucked one last pass to the end zone, and 6-foot-7, junior wide receiver Stephen Sullivan went up and grabbed it between three Lions defenders.

Biggest positive: Cole Tracy proves his game in Dallas wasn't a fluke

It took the senior kicker a little over five quarters in an LSU uniform to make more 50-plus-yard field goals than every kicker combined for the Tigers since Josh Jasper's 2010 season when he made three.

Biggest negative: Pass protection

With sophomore left tackle Saahdiq Charles and junior right tackle Adrian Magee out on Saturday, the Tigers once again struggled in pass protection.

What was thought to be a strength going into the season, LSU's offensive line may be down three projected starters without Charles, Magee and sophomore guard Ed Ingram against Auburn.

Ingram (suspension) and Magee (injury) are both very unlikely to play in the conference opener against Auburn, but Charles is expected to be back according to Orgeron in his press conference after the game against Southeastern.

Going forward: Pass protection must be sorted out before game against Auburn

LSU hasn't won on the road in Jordan-Hare Stadium since 2012. Next Saturday will be no different if LSU can't sort the pass protection issues out.

Against Miami, defensive tackle Gerald Willis lived in the Tigers' backfield, and against Southeastern right tackle Badara Traore was constantly blown by.

Expect a long night for LSU's offense against Auburn's front seven if the offensive line unit cannot mesh by next Saturday's game.