On a first quarter play, Joe Burrow dropped back to immediately see a Southeastern Louisiana defender rushing untouched through the middle of the offensive line.

Burrow quickly slid left -- making the defender whiff -- and took off upfield for a 13-yard gain and the fist down.

Plays like this summarized LSU's 31-0 win Saturday (Sept. 8) against FCS opponent Southeastern Louisiana. LSU made mistakes and often looked sloppy, allowing plenty of pressure on Burrow, but LSU was able to get by on some talent and its top-level defense to still win handily.

LSU was always going to win this game. Some projections had the Tigers winning by more than 50. They were always in control, too, but there was plenty to be desired from the win.

Burrow was sacked twice and took hits and pressure constantly. The plan was for him to drop back and get more game reps throwing the ball Saturday. He had his opportunities, but he did not have the time in the pocket LSU hoped.

LSU quickly took a 14-0 lead in the first quarter, with one coming on a solid drive from the passing game ending in a 9-yard touchdown pass to freshman Ja'Marr Chase. The next drive, Burrow hit Foster Moreau for 23 yards, had the aforementioned 13-yard run and finished it off with his one-yard touchdown run on a quarterback keeper.

And early in the game, it often seemed like some of the quarterback pressure was from Burrow struggling to find any open receivers as he sat in the pocket with plenty of time.

In the second quarter, though, Southeastern started beating the LSU offensive line time after time. On one series, Southeastern defensive end Isaac Adeyemi-Berglund sacked Burrow and hit him even harder the next play to force an incompletion. Each of these plays came against right tackle Badara Traore.

It wasn't all rough for the offense, as Burrow and Nick Brossette led a drive to end the half that ended with an absurd 40-yard hail mary catch by Stephen Sullivan.

Also, Brossette ran all over SLU, finishing with 137 yards on 19 carries.

LSU beat Southeastern, as it should have, but the Tigers showed plenty of areas that need improvement.