LSU linebacker Devin White said the Tigers have a goal of getting three takeaways every game.

In the season opener against Miami, LSU came up short with just two interceptions although one was returned for a touchdown by Jacob Phillips.

Against Southeastern in Saturday night's (Sept. 8) 31-0 win, the Tigers hit their mark.

It started in the first quarter when White ripped the ball away from Southeastern's Darren Johnson to force a fumble recovered by Andre Anthony. The other two didn't come until the fourth quarter, however.

First, Greedy Williams stepped in front of a Chason Virgil pass at the LSU 6-yard line to stop a drive and on the ensuing Southeastern drive, the Lions again looked like they were going to get on the scoreboard.

But the snap sailed over Lorenzo Nunez's head and JaCoby Stevens picked it up on the run for a 64-yard fumble return before being tripped up by Nunez at the Southeastern 18. LSU scored four plays later.

"Like I told y'all before the season, we want to focus on getting the offense the ball with 3-and-outs and turnovers and I think we're doing that so far," White said.

Southeastern finished with 254 yards while averaging 3.3 yards per play. The Lions had 42 rushing attempts for 65 yards. LSU had a total of 10 tackles for a loss that knocked Southeastern back 67 yards. The Tigers also came up with five sacks.

But for LSU defenders, the most important stat had to do with the final score.

"I think we did our jobs not letting them in the end zone," cornerback Kristian Fulton said.

LSU's defensive line wreaked havoc on Southeastern's offense early on. Breiden Fehoko and Rashard Lawrence continuously caused pressure in the first half, Fehoko especially. He finished with six tackles, one sack and a team-high 2.5 tackles for a loss.

The defensive line also played a part in the Lions having six false start penalties, most of which came after a shift from the LSU defensive line that threw off the Lions' front.

"I thought our defensive line played pretty good," LSU coach Ed Orgeron said. They only got inside the red zone one time so I thought overall, our defense did a pretty good job. There was a lot of one-on-one battles. We caused them to jump offsides several times."

LSU gave a lot of time to the second-string units in the second half and Neil Farrell did the most with his time finishing with six tackles, 1.5 sacks and 1.5 tackles for a loss. Justin Thomas contributed half a sack while Damone Clark, Mannie Netherly and Davin Cotton all saw their first action (on defense in Netherly's case) for the Tigers.

Overall, it was an admittedly "vanilla" night on defense according to White but LSU still came out with the shutout. And looking ahead to Auburn, LSU is looking for more respect the next time out.

"LSU is supposed to beat a lot of people," White said. "It's not a fluke. It's been happening for a long time. We going to get ourselves back in that position where everybody respects us and knows LSU is going to win the game."