Maybe the play that sold the world on Joe Burrow wasn't a pass. Maybe it wasn't anything he even did on the field, because you could look at his 11-of-24 for 140 yards stat line and think he didn't look all that great in his debut as LSU quarterback.

Instead, the play that might have sold the LSU faithful on Burrow finally giving the Tigers something it's craved for so long was a handoff.

In a 3-3 game late in the first quarter, during a stretch when the LSU offense struggled against No. 8 Miami, Burrow saw the Miami defense creeping up to his right.

So Burrow made a check. We don't know what he changed, but Burrow sent running back Nick Brossette left on a zone play and through a wide open hole for a 50-yard touchdown to give the Tigers a lead it never gave back.

LSU beat Miami in a convincing 33-17 win Sunday (Sept. 2), and the greatest takeaway from the game might be LSU having a quarterback it can trust.

Burrow didn't convert many highlight reel plays. He didn't even complete 50 percent of his passes, so his stat line is a tricky one to dissect. LSU dropped at least three on target passes from Burrow. There was also one where it appeared Justin Jefferson ran the wrong route.

Then Miami had multiple pass rushers in the backfield nearly every time Burrow dropped back. LSU had to start running plays that moved the pocket just to give Burrow breathing room.

When he had time, Burrow seemed to consistently make a nice throw. There was the 37-yard pass to Jefferson, the nice conversions to Dee Anderson and the impressive fade in the corner for 22 yards to Ja'Marr Chase that was nearly a touchdown.

It wasn't flawless. The potential miscommunication with Jefferson was nearly intercepted, but he handled the pressure well.

When multiple guys were in the backfield, which happened often, he was able to scramble and extend the play. When he had a target, he stood firm and made the throw before taking a big hit. There were also two plays he was able to scramble for a first down after Miami made it through the offensive line.

Plus there were the two times he made Miami jump offsides with his quick calls and pre-snap adjustments.

Nobody will look back on Burrow's performance Sunday and say he dominated or stole the show. 

What he did display, though, was he could go into a tough neutral site test and beat the No. 8 team in the country. 