Everyone knew the LSU defense was supposed to be good in 2018. On Sunday night (Sept. 2), the Tigers were determined to prove everyone right.

Despite a less-than-stellar fourth quarter, the No. 25 Tigers did their best to keep the No. 8 Hurricanes in check in a 33-17 victory at AT&T Stadium in both team's season opener. 

In fact, Miami didn't get its first third-down conversion until its ninth drive - midway through the third quarter. And that drive ended with a John Battle interception thanks to a pressure from Grant Delpit.

"Also really pleased with the defense, obviously," LSU coach Ed Orgeron said. "I was a little with those last two long balls, but we're going to get that fixed. But there's a lot of good things there. This is a very good football team. I thought their receivers were very, very good. so For us to hold them down to 17 points was a good feat."

Devin White was in the backfield. K'Lavon Chaisson was in the backfield. Rashard Lawrence was in the backfield. Miami quarterback Malik Rosier never looked comfortable, despite having time because of the play of LSU's defensive backs. 

Rosier finished 15-of-35 with 258 yards and no passing touchdowns and two interceptions.

It was exactly the kind of statement performance LSU wanted after several defenders talked about being one of the best units in the country throughout fall camp.

The defense seized momentum early after the opening kickoff. White was in on the first tackle. Lawrence talked Rosier for a loss on the second play. White and Jacob Phillips snuffed a screen to force a punt.

Those three plays help to set the tone.

Miami was able to get a field goal on the second drive after pass completions of 16 and 36 yards, but LSU buckled down to force the kick.

Defensive coordinator Dave Aranda threw out different looks at Miami throughout the night.

LSU opened in its nickel defense with five defensive backs. The team went with its "Peso" look - two down linemen, four linebackers and five in the secondary - at least a dozen times.

A healthy defensive line allowed LSU to rotate more than last year. That paid off when Ed Alexander was able to get a hand on a pass that Phillips caught and returned for a 45-yard touchdown.

"When you're on the field, there are plays to be made," Phillips said. "I was just happy it was me. It was a great feeling with my team around me to celebrate."

It was LSU's first defensive touchdown since Tre'Davious White's 21-yard interception return against Wisconsin in the 2016 opener - which also happened to be Aranda's first game as LSU's defensive coordinator.

When LSU finally allowed a touchdown in the fourth quarter, quite a few starters were on the sidelines - including White, Battle and Greedy Williams. Things got sloppy on the next drive when the Tigers allowed passing plays of 50 and 32 yards as Miami did all it could to get back into the game. 

Once Battle and Williams were back on the field, the Tigers stepped up once again. After a big pass play and a penalty got the Hurricanes into LSU territory, Breiden Fehoko came up with a sack on fourth down to end Miami's chances of a comeback.

"We try to approach it one drive at a time," Fehoko said. "We just want to get off the field as quick as we can. We hunkered down. You want to just stay tough. It's football. Guys are going to deliver punches back and forth but you want to come out at the end with the winning result."