Maybe the LSU quarterback competition wasn¡¯t that big a deal after all.

Everyone was curious to see how Joe Burrow would perform in his first collegiate start against No. 8 Miami on Sunday night. And understandably so.

Burrow¡¯s performance was fine, but it won¡¯t matter a whole lot how much Burrow plays or how much backup Myles Brennan might play if the No. 25 Tigers are going to play the way they did in the 33-17 thumping of the Hurricanes in Arlington, Texas. The victory was the Tigers¡¯ first over an opponent ranked inside the top 10 since toppling No. 8 Florida in 2015.

LSU beat Miami up front and out-turnover chained the Hurricanes with Jacob Phillips¡¯ back-breaking 45-yard pick-six in the second quarter.

The Tigers¡¯ defense took control early and held Miami¡¯s offense in check as LSU rolled to a 27-3 halftime advantage. Miami made it respectable with two fourth-quarter touchdowns.

The LSU offense started off shaky. The line had trouble with the Hurricanes¡¯ strong defensive front and a couple of Burrow¡¯s early passes were dropped.

But even when things weren¡¯t going all that well offensively, Burrow remained poised. He moved around well to avoid pass rushers and was comfortable on multiple occasions choosing to throw the ball out of bounds rather than trying to make a play that wasn¡¯t there.

Perhaps he was secure in the knowledge that he could be patient, waiting for his offensive line to settle down and waiting to be aggressive when better opportunities presented themselves because his defense was going to have the game under control.

At least he should have had that mindset.

The offensive line did settle down, gave Burrow better opportunities and started clearing holes, particularly up the middle, and especially for Nick Brossette.

Speaking of patience, after scoring a Louisiana-record 141 touchdowns in high school and none in his first three seasons at LSU, Brossette scored two touchdowns in the first half. The first one, a 50-yard burst through the heart of the Hurricanes¡¯ front seven, put the Tigers on top to stay.

It also impressed a couple of former Tigers.

Once Brossette, who topped 100 yards for the first time, and the running game got going, the passing game got a little easier for Burrow, who completed 8-of-16 passes for 101 yards in the first half. Not great numbers, but plenty good enough under the circumstances.

Tigers coach Ed Orgeron seemed pretty comfortable himself, twice going for and twice converting fourth downs during LSU¡¯s second touchdown drive.

A coach who¡¯s always one bad loss from the proverbial hot seat can coach with more confidence and security when he knows his defense is going to dominate.

An offensive coordinator (Steve Ensminger) who¡¯s putting his new offense in the hands of a quarterback who has never started a game can be somewhat conservative early, knowing the defense is going to help with field position and help the team win a battle of attrition.

LSU was supposed to have a very good defense under third-year coordinator Dave Aranda and, outside of some fourth-quarter miscues, the opening performance suggests it might be an elite defense.

There is talent and depth on all three levels.

On offense there are still question marks about Burrow, a group of inexperienced skill players and a line that is a work in progress.

But so far, so good.

From the outset it was evident that Burrow was going to be able to ease his way into his first start.

LSU won the coin toss and deferred, allowing Burrow to watch while the Tigers defense tried to set the early tone. And the defense did just that, forcing a three-and-out and the Tigers started at the Miami 47 after Ed Paris disrupted the Hurricanes punt.

Ensminger eased Burrow into the passing game, calling a swing pass on the first play and it gained 5 yards. On his first third, Burrow completed an 11-yard pass to Dee Anderson, who fumbled but the Tigers recovered.

Burrow¡¯s good fortune continued on the next play. The play clock neared zero as Burrow tried to change the play and LSU called timeout. During the timeout the replay officials reviewed the previous play and cited Miami defensive back Trajan Bandy for targeting and ejected him.

The drive stalled in large part because of a holding call on wide receiver Justin Jefferson, but Cole Tracy kicked a 43-yard field goal for a 3-0 lead.

Miami managed a tying field goal, but then everything turned. The Tigers¡¯ offensive line settled down and started winning up front.

And the defense dominated.

And Burrow happily went along for the ride.

There are going to be times when Burrow is going to have to do more than he had to do Sunday. (LSU goes to Auburn in two weeks.)

But it looks like Aranda and the Tigers¡¯ defense is going to make this transition a lot easier for Burrow than it might have seemed.