"You're the quarterback," environmental activist Betty Logan, played by Julie Christie, says to Los Angeles Rams quarterback Tom Jarrett, played by Warren Beatty, in "Heaven Can Wait," one of the most underrated sports films ever.

Jarrett and the Rams have just beaten the Pittsburgh Steelers in the Super Bowl, and Christie and Beatty walk into the moonlight through the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum to presumably live happily ever after. Christie's Logan had been looking for the soul previously in the body of Beatty's Leo Farnsworth, who died after she had fallen in love with him and she had just realized that his soul had "transferred" into the body of Jarrett. 

You have to see the movie, but long story short, she had found her quarterback.

Vastly different context, but LSU coach Ed Orgeron, who did coach in the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum for USC, feels like he has found his quarterback at last in his third season as coach ? second full season in transfer Joe Burrow.

Former LSU quarterback Danny Etling was probably better than Orgeron and others believed as he finished 13th in the nation in passing efficiency at 153.0 ? high for an LSU quarterback ? in 2017 despite playing under his third offensive coordinator in two seasons in Matt Canada, who did not get along with Orgeron and was fired by him late last season.

MORE: Joe Burrow has impressive LSU debut

But Etling was never Orgeron's quarterback. He was recruited and signed as a Purdue transfer by former LSU offensive coordinator Cam Cameron, whom Orgeron fired hours after replacing head coach Les Miles four games into the 2016 season. Sophomore quarterback Myles Brennan, who was a backup last year and is again this year, was also recruited and signed by Cameron and Miles. So were former quarterbacks Lowell Narcisse and Justin McMillan, who transferred out of LSU last month.

Burrow, a graduate transfer junior from Ohio State, was recruited and signed by Orgeron last spring away from the University of Cincinnati. Burrow is Orgeron's first quarterback at LSU, and he is playing under an offensive coordinator Orgeron gets along with in Steve Ensminger.

"You're the quarterback," Orgeron said to Burrow two weeks ago when he named him the starter for LSU's season opener on Sept. 2.

Burrow started his first game since Athens High School in Ohio in 2014 last Sunday night and helped to lead the No. 24 Tigers to a stunningly dominant, 33-17, upset of No. 8 Miami in Arlington, Texas. He completed only 11 of 24 passes for just 140 yards with no touchdowns, but he looked in charge, changed to different play options at the line of scrimmage, ran well, avoided sacks well and threw the ball away well. There were no interceptions or fumbles.

"This is his team," Orgeron said defiantly on Thursday night. "He's leading it, and the guys are gelling around him. This is his offense now. There's relief on the offense. We finally know who our quarterback is. They saw Joe can be a general out there and do the right things. We're going to take the next step for sure."

How do you spell relief? B-U-R-R-O-W.

LSU has not taken a dramatic step with a quality quarterback since 2013 when Zach Mettenberger ? also a transfer ? led the Tigers to their last double-digit win season at 10-3 and their best two-year record of 20-6 overall and 11-5 in the Southeastern Conference in 2012 and '13 since 2011 and '12 at 23-4 and 14-2 SEC.

Burrow will start his first game in Tiger Stadium at 6 tonight when the No. 11 Tigers (1-0) host Southeastern Louisiana (0-1).

"The offense and defense rallied behind him, and he stepped up and made the right checks and called the right calls," LSU junior linebacker Devin White said.

"He was ready," junior transfer wide receiver Jonathan Giles said. "I could see it in warm-ups. He was vocal. He was a leader. That's what you want."

Burrow had to prove himself to his teammates and coaches beyond August practices when he beat out three other quarterbacks who had never started a college game either. Brennan had done well in practices last year, but not so much in the games.

"They kept telling me, 'We see you do it in practice, but we really don't care until we see you do it in the game,'" Burrow said. "So I just tried to go out there and be me. Not more than what I am. And I think it was good enough to win that game. Now we need to get better going forward."

A lot better, Burrow says. And just in time as No. 7 Auburn (1-0) will be waiting for LSU a week from Saturday at Jordan-Hare Stadium.

"We played average on offense," he said. "There are things to correct. We can get a lot better. That's the scary thing. We dominated a really good team, and we can get a lot, lot better. We had some drops. I made some bad throws. We're going to get it fixed. I'm looking forward to seeing our guys make plays throughout the season."

Look for more audibles at the line of scrimmage, which were seen almost as a new invention by some fans and reporters given the history of the troubled quarterback position at LSU. Not so for Burrow, whose father Jimmy Burrow is in his 14th season as the defensive coordinator at Ohio University. Joe Burrow spoke of it nonchalantly.

"Going into every week, we have checks that we have on run plays," he said. "So I credit the coaches on that. I do what they tell me and try not to screw it up."

Past LSU quarterbacks have audibled at times, but not that much since Matt Flynn in 2007. When Brandon Harris said he audibled 10 times or more in a game in 2015, Miles said he did not and barred Harris from interviews. Perhaps no LSU quarterback since Tommy Hodson in 1986 audibled as much as Burrow did in his first game.

"We have confidence that Joe can do that," Orgeron said. "I do believe that Steve (Ensminger) is going to give him more autonomy as the season goes on because he's a quarterback that's able to do that. We want to throw the ball more."

Apparently, Joe Burrow is a quarterback ready for a starring role, which is rare in LSU film history.

"There's going to come a time where we're going to have to win some games throwing the football, too," Burrow said, referencing LSU running the ball 41 times to 24 passes. "And when that time comes, I'm going to be ready for it."