Once, Ian Fleming said, is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action.

LSU¡¯s offense struggled through the second half of the Miami game this past Sunday, but it could be passed off as happenstance because the Tigers built a 33-3 lead and coasted to a major 33-17 upset. That and the fact Miami¡¯s defense is populated by two or three potential All-Americans and even more future NFL prospects. You are happy to win that game no matter how the offense performed.

Twice may turn out to be a coincidence, but it will take a more long-term view than what was possible in the minutes and immediate hours after LSU¡¯s 31-0 shut out of Southeastern Louisiana on Saturday night in Tiger Stadium.

And the enemy? Arguably LSU¡¯s biggest challenge yet is waiting on the plains next Saturday at Auburn. If LSU is to pull what likely would be an even bigger upset than its victory over Miami, there has to be some major improvement.

Coach Ed Orgeron said his team was flat, coming off a short week of preparation and coming home to face an in-state FCS team lurking in the trough between the towering waves of two top-10 powers. He was then asked if this was the kind of showing he needed to get his players¡¯ attention.

¡°After the first quarter it seemed every time we had a big play it got called back,¡± LSU quarterback Joe Burrow said. ¡°You can¡¯t do that in big games. You¡¯ve got to make big plays and you¡¯ve got to keep it a big play.¡±

LSU played decently on offense in the first half, outgaining SLU 257-37, finishing with the firework of a 40-yard Hail Mary from Burrow to a leaping Stephen Sullivan as the clock spun down to zero. Then the Tigers ran just 15 offensive plays in the final 30 minutes netting 78 yards, their lone score coming on an 18-yard drive after JaCoby Stevens nearly scored off a bad Lions center snap deep in the south end.

It was not much to get excited about, but at least it allowed the Tigers to save some face. LSU ended up with just 335 yards offense against an SLU team that allowed 554 yards in a 34-31 loss to UL-Monroe last week.

¡°We have a lot of work to do,¡± Orgeron said. ¡°Miami had a lot of plays in our backfield and Southeastern had a lot of plays in our backfield. We have a lot of work to do.¡±

It clearly must be said the Tigers¡¯ offensive line was operating under some serious handicaps. Starting left tackle Saahdiq Charles was out for an unspecified reason (Orgeron said he would be back next week but didn¡¯t say why he was out) and the Tigers have already been without suspended starting right guard Ed Ingram since the start of preseason camp.

But with what LSU still had among its many glittering former prep stars it should have been able to blow SLU off the ball with more authority. Nick Brossette continued his remarkable start with his second 100-yard rushing game (137 yards on 19 carries), even more remarkable because the Lions were crowding the line of scrimmage as so many LSU opponents have in the past. But the Tigers certainly should have been able to protect Burrow much better. He was pressured and hurried throughout, running too much and knocked down far too often. Burrow finished with eight carries including the two sacks and a touchdown on a 1-yard keeper.

Afterward, Orgeron said he needs to teach Burrow how to slide.

Burrow basically said sliding is for wimps.

¡°You can book it,¡± he said. ¡°I¡¯m not sliding.¡±

OK, Joe. I¡¯m sure the Auburn front seven is delighted to hear it.

Any hopes of getting second-string quarterback Myles Brennan or a lot of other backups into the game for some valuable live reps evaporated in the second half. Hell, Burrow barely got any valuable live reps. Overall, the Lions ran 76 plays to LSU¡¯s 55.

Despite some statistical triumphs, the Lions did not return to Hammond happy because they did not spring the upset that any outmanned competitor thinks they have a chance to pull off given the right circumstances. For all the duress Burrow was under SLU¡¯s quarterbacks were harried even more. The Tigers recorded five sacks, forced three turnovers, and extended the Lions¡¯ scoreless streak in Tiger Stadium to 69 years and counting (LSU won 48-7 in 1949).

¡°We really didn¡¯t do anything well except our guys did compete and the effort was good,¡± SLU coach Frank Scelfo said. ¡°It just wasn¡¯t smart.¡±

The smart money says LSU will come with a more inspired effort at Auburn.

It had better. Because the enemy action will be out to turn a trend into defeat.